{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Critique of Business of Fashion: \ulnone \
\
All photos are pixelated and probably should be reformatted for the web - 72ppi. \
I think the stories related to the images would benefit by having some sort of noticeable affordance when being clicked to move to the page that contains the story. \
\
The side bar information with \'93Daily Digest\'94 is nicely styled and has good hierarchy. The following sidebar sections should probably follow each other without as much white space between them (\'93Latest Opinions\'94 is very far down from \'93Trending on BoF\'94\
\
It would be nice to see the nav be sticky so the user does not get lost in the site since it\'92s a long scroll that doesn\'92t have \'93back to top\'94 buttons. \
\
The colors of the numbers add nicely to the sparse color palette\
\
Some of the sections may see a benefit by having images attached to them or being more strategically placed in the whitespace, such as the \'93Latest News\'94 section.    \
\
\ul Critique of Mass Institute of Tech: \ulnone \
\
The hierarchy and flow for this site is confusing. It might benefit from having a more clearly defined nav at the outset instead of the experience being to have to hover around to figure out it is in the \'93Go to_\'94 area. \
\
The contrast between the \'93center for advanced visual studies\'94 title makes it a little tough to read. It might be helpful to make the gifs in the background a much lighter grey (or not even behind the title) to make the title stand out more.\
\
When clicking on different pages from the nav, the content partially covers the blue title, and might be a mistake. But, if not, possibly having a separate section for the content to be read and viewed that does not overlap any previous content might be something to consider. \
\
There are a lot of clickable items on the different pages but they are just listed with text. This is in reference to the \'93Publications\'94 section. It might be helpful to consider using hierarchy, weights, different colors to create areas of focus, and photos. Also, maybe just breaking up the areas of text a bit more into sections so it\'92s not just a huge list. The bright blue text is also a bit jarring on the stark white background. There also seems to be multiple times the navigation shows up, but I\'92m now seeing that it\'92s actually acting as a header once the user clicks into a section. It might be helpful to introduce this at the top of the content and potentially larger to make it more evident to the user where they are beyond having to look at the navigation. \
\
The second column of the navigation also makes it a little tough to understand where the user is unless they click through the different pages for a while. This might be helped through hierarchy, or making it more clear that they are in a subsection by using some sort of nav accordion. Or adding breadcrumbs in some way.  \
\
The grid system is interesting but it is difficult to keep track of where to look and seems to be confining the designer for all of the subsequent pages. Making use of most or all of the columns to spread out the content in a less list-like fashion might be helpful for user experience. \
\
The footer is very far down from the content, making the user scroll to find how to get in contact unless they go to the \'93contact\'94 page from the nav. This page is has similar problems as mentioned above with the overlapping of content. The map is lo-res. Maybe adding a border and providing a larger, higher resolution map might be helpful as well as not overlapping the title of the site. }